# LingoZen

### The Problem
When learning a new language, many people try to learn by studying decks of individual words. The idea is that if you learn enough words you can put them together to make sentences and communicate in that language. Unfortunately, that’s not usually not the case as proper use of a word may change depending on context. Depending on the language, verbs and adjectives become conjugated, and their placements may different from the user’s first language. This leads to people studying hundreds, maybe thousands of words, only to not be able to use them when communicating with others because they are only known in isolation. 
One solution to this problem is to remove learning the words in isolation, and rather learn them in a realistic context, used with other words. Using this approach, you learn the word as you would if you studied it in isolation, but in addition you build an intuition of how it appears if you wanted to use. This approach also ends up being more efficient as you learn multiple words at once, rather one at a time, and you’ll the more common words and grammar patterns multiple times and naturally learn them. 
Unfortunately, learning with sentences is more complicated then learning individual words. You can find word lists in hundreds of different websites, sorted by ease of learning or frequency depending on what you prefer. Once you have your list, you can translate the individual words and get started. Doing this with sentences to study however, isn’t as easy. Finding sentences itself is fairly. You can use a book, a news articles, subtitles from a movie, etc. The difficulty comes in translating the sentences you found to something you can use to learn with. If you wanted to learn using sentences as the basis of your study you have 3 major options: find a sentence list created by someone else, which is usually only available for more popular languages and less popular languages sometimes only have a paid option due to how long it takes to create them; create your own with your own translations, which is a viable option for advanced language learners but is unrealistic for those that are still beginners in the language; or use a translation service such as Google Translate to translate it to your native language, which is imperfect and might be lead to you learning the language incorrectly.
This means that if someone decided to learn a brand new language today, and wanted to use sentences as the core of their learning experience, they would most likely not have a place to go to do start.

### Our Solution
LingoZen is our solution to this problem. We want to create a community driven platform where language learners can collaborate to build expansive collections of real life sentences with appropriate, accurate translations, and allow those that are learning that language to be able to use that for their own studies.


_LINGOZEN IS STILL EARLY IN DEVELOPMENT AT THIS MOMENT_
